events: Add RoomMemberUnsigned with invite_room_state field, take 2 (#1282)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-common/CHANGELOG.md

* Move `receipt::ReceiptType` to `events::receipt`
* Make `Clone` as supertrait of `api::OutgoingRequest`
* Rename `Any[Sync]RoomEvent` to `Any[Sync]TimelineEvent`
* `RoomMemberEvent` and related types now have a custom unsigned type including the

>   `invite_room_state` field, instead of the `MessageLikeUnsigned` type used by other message-like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `invite_room_state` field, instead of the `StateUnsigned` type used by other state
```
